All right.
It's called hex.
We could call it simply takes some RG b value.
So three arguments you pass in SCO with two five five one hundred and twenty five.
That will spit back to us a hexadecimal color that looks like that.
So if I put this in my V.S. code you can see the color there.
It's an orange color.
And if I wrote the correct RG B string just so we can double check needs to be RG B and then two five
five one hundred twenty five.
It's the same color at least according to V.S. code.
So we have this function.
I could also write another function to take three numbers like we have here RG and B and actually return
a valid RG B string for use in C Ss I could just call that function r GV.
It accepts RG and B and then it returns a template literal where we have RG B and then dollar sign R
comma $ dollar sign B comma dollar sign C.
And that should be it.
Let's make sure that works if I use the same values but I call RG b instead that's the name of our function
which the V.S. code extension has actually already given me a preview of help.
That should be G not sure where she came from.
I tried running this all right.
We get our string Okay so we have two different functions.
They are perfectly fine on their own as is but if I wanted to make a nice little object where I can
convert back and forth from RG B to hex without having to pass in numbers each time kind of what I showed
you in the last video I could use a factory function which would make me an object that automatically
had a hex method and an RG B method and it stored the RG and B values as values or properties on the
object so we could just make a function function and give it a name like color make or make colour
and we would pass in R G and B and then in here I could make a new object concert color equals an empty
object.
I'm going to add some stuff into that but at the end I'll return color so I could say color dot R equals
R color dot G equals G color dot B equals B.
Those are the values that were passed in so I would use this if I run the code by calling make color
pass in some numbers like thirty five 255 255 and then I get back.
This object are thirty five G 255 B 255.
Now I could add in a method on this object.
Colored dots.
Let's go with our B equals a function.
So I'm building up an object hence the term factory we pass in some values and this factory makes us
an object and returns it at the end so that I can use it.
Okay so color dot RG B equals and then I'll basically copy this but instead of RG B R B and G I just
realize you're in the wrong order R G B but instead of doing this in hard coding it I'm going to use
the keyword this which we also saw back in that secret life of object section.
The keyword this in this context if I were to call first color const first color equals and then make
color I pass in some numbers 3 5 2 5 5 and 150 if I call first color dot RG B in this method.
Be right here the value of this will refer to this object to the left of the dot.
So if I use this I can access this dot r this dot G.
And if I just constant dot log this just to give you a refresher because that section was a while ago
a comment that line out we're simply printing this instead of this method.
So if I call make color some numbers 3 5 fifty one forty save that to a variable I'll call it C and
I call C dot RG b you can see that this is set to this same color object to C so it has access to our
G and B figure this.
So what I would do is probably extract or D structure from this are G and B instead of having to create
my string and access to this dot ah this dot G and this dot B it gets kind of annoying.
So instead we can leave this as is and now D structure from this.
Let's see if it works.
I have this first color I'll access first color dot our B and I have an our GP string I could also add
in a hex function like we saw earlier.
So I'll just paste it in and then I'll adapt it.
I'm going to write color dot hex equals a function no arguments necessary unlike here where I have to
pass them in each time to the function by storing these methods on an object I'm calling it color here
but I'm returning it at the end the name doesn't matter but because I store the methods on the object
and that object also contains the RG and V properties I can access them just like I did here so I'm
just going to repeat this line to extract R D structure our G and V from this just like in this function
here this referred to this color object this entire object we've been adding on to as long as I'm calling
it like first color dots are G.B. or dot hex just like we would call some array dots push right the
dot is very important here we're not calling push and passing in the array we're not calling hex and
passing in some numbers we're calling some color dot hex we don't provide arguments it looks on this
object so I could have another color I could have purple dot our B purple dot hex.
All right so this should work let's make sure the math doesn't matter whatsoever it's not the point
I don't even want to take time to explain it honestly because I haven't even looked at how it works
I know that it's going to convert to base sixteen at some point I think yeah it's doing that right here
but really it does not matter to this video.
All right so it returns that let's make sure it works I call first color dot hex.
There we go first color dot our GDP and I could also change the r value or the G value at any point
I could say dot R is now going to be 255 full R for red and now if I look at first color dot our G.B.
it reflects that change so it may not be the most useful object on Earth but it can be nice because
if you do have these colored values working with them converting them can suck and later on we'll add
some more useful methods like a light and method or dark in saturation all those different things opposite
color anyway.
The focus here is on this function this function makes us an object it starts empty but then we add
some properties based off of arguments that we were provided then we add some methods and then we return
that object.
This is called a factory function and it does work.
This is one way of making objects based off of a pattern or a recipe.
We've defined a recipe for a color we call make color if we pass in three numbers and we get back an
object and that object contains a whole bunch of things.
Well a whole bunch is an exaggeration.
It contains three properties that are numbers and then two methods and I could make another color right.
Make color where let's say it's 0 0 0.
Same pattern different values I get different outcomes from the methods but the same pattern in general
that this is actually not the main way most people create objects based off of a pattern.
This is not how people like to do it and to understand why we're gonna have to talk about our friend
prototype in the next video and we'll see a better approach.
So there's nothing wrong with this.
It's just not as ideal as it could be.
So we'll see another option.
Just hang in there.
So that's coming up.